hello youtube friends how are we today
we are in a new video that afflict
see as always kids are in a
videoblog this time and a long time ago
that did not upload a video out there with the
equal
I do not know how he will be recording the mobile
because this looks a bit weird sometimes
seriously he already has five and a half months
here you have it to people like that
pretty and emit that and its colors
of tiger people or can not be the
comments there so that I direct from
bartolo where it is and you Hooker
you remember in the first video when the
cover I had a month and I do not chemistry
well nothing else I would stay here in the
hand was incredible the cause will teach to
jump this fence and finally the jump
you will see how cool you would say
Even if it's a little hop, it's like
I learned yesterday
come let's go
how well the fence is jumping people
very happy with her she is already staying
on the street walking on the street
you also do not look at home or do
tricky, well, if you have been the
typical of puppy does not break you
everything and I know about everything also feel for
here
let's focus here
to continue making the video
I'm going to point a little bit still
making the same toast as always
people but good and at least I do not know
just as I said, it does not make me go
contributing well the bitch I have come to
be very desperate with her in the
sense of fuck does not learn to do the
things on the street
shit shit and they are like
giants
well, nothing people here until the end of
video and I'll be able to see
shakira with five and a half months what
big one that is such I already stay when
he stands up I get more or less by
the neck so I hope that I have
liked very much and remember to vote the
favorite likes and we're going to chao too